update log rotation guide (#576)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/operation-guide/log-management.md

# Log operation

## Configure Log Rotation

> You can enable and configure the log rotation by setting next flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable and configure the log rotation by setting the following flags.
```

Author: Applied at here https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/576/commits/a09a835f1ee8a70cf1deb8f71b04444ec57058c5.

> - `--log.rotate`: By setting 1, it enables the log rotation and any other related options

Reviewer: can you specify more on that? How we can setup it to 1?
`--log.rotate=1` or `--log.rotate 1`, which is right?

Author: Right.. I should change the description. It doesn't need to be set by 1.

Author: I have changed the descriptions of `--log.rotate` and `--log.compress` and added an example. https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/576/commits/a09a835f1ee8a70cf1deb8f71b04444ec57058c5

Reviewer: @yoomee1313 Thanks for update. :)

# Log operation

## Configure Log Rotation
You can enable the log rotation by setting the `--log.rotate` flag, and configure the log rotation settings by the following flags.
- `--log.rotate`: By setting this flag, it enables the log rotation and applies the other log rotation options
- `--log.maxsize`: Specifies the file size in MB that triggers backup file creation
- `--log.maxbackups`: Determines the maximum number of backup files that can be stored. Once this limit is reached, older logs will be deleted.
- `--log.maxage`: Represents the maximum number of days to retain a log file. For example, if set to 30, a backup file will be deleted after 30 days.
- `--log.compress`: By setting this flag, it compresses the backup logs in gz format.

Example
```
./bin/ken ... --log.rotate --log.maxsize 100 --log.maxbackups 10 --log.maxage 30 --log.compress
```

> You can also enable and configure the log rotation by setting next options in configuration file (ex. `kend.conf`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable and configure the log rotation by setting following options in configuration file (e.g., `kend.conf`).
```

```
# log rotation related options
LOG_ROTATE=1 # setting 1 to enable the log rotation related options
LOG_MAXSIZE=100 # the unit is MB
LOG_MAXBACKUPS=10
LOG_MAXAGE=30 # maximum number of days to retain a log file
LOG_COMPRESS=1 # setting 1 to compress the backup logs in gz format
```

> Recommended to download and use the package which version is v1.11.0 or higher. You can download it in Binaries section of the release note(ex. [v1.11.0 release note](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn/releases/tag/v1.11.0)). Make sure next three files are v1.11.0 or later: configuration file, daemon, and binary. Otherwise, it won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to download and use the package which version is v1.11.0 or higher. You can download it in Binaries section of the release note(e.g., [v1.11.0 release note](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn/releases/tag/v1.11.0)). Make sure next three files are v1.11.0 or higher: configuration file, daemon, and binary. Otherwise, it won't work.
```
